{"hash": "265de794bf7ce533c0e277057d7f0753", "text": "RO Nominations for working holiday and young professionals Go to my profile Go to homepage Menu RO Nominations RO Nominations for working holiday + young professional As a Recognized Organization (RO) of International Experience Canada (IEC), SWAP \u2013 our sibling brand in Canada \u2013 is able to offer RO Nomination programs for IEC working holiday and young professional eligible candidates. LET&#x27;S TALK Change country. Currently selected: Global Global Watch &quot; Why work a winter in Canada | Stories from the slopes &quot; on YouTube Watch The RO waitlist is now closed for 2025 Check back soon for 2026 opening Crushing on Canada? Fallen in love with Canada or landed your dream job, and hoping to return or stay longer? Under the International Experience Canada (IEC) scheme, SWAP have a quota of additional permits under the working holiday and young professional categories that could help eligible candidates to stay on or return to Canada. About Eligibility + cost How it works About What are my options? About the RO Nomination for working holiday category Have you fallen in love with Canada (or a Canadian) and want to extend your stay? Or having a hard time getting an Invitation to Apply (ITA) for your working holiday visa under your country\u2019s quota? As a Recognized Organization (RO) of International Experience Canada, SWAP is able to offer RO Nomination programs for IEC-eligible candidates each year. The RO Nomination quota is limited and over-subscribed each year, but can help first-time applicants and those looking for repeat participation to obtain an IEC working holiday permit. This enables applicants to: Receive a guaranteed ITA from the pools Participate up to two more times in IEC programs, over and above what is allowed under your country\u2019s Youth Mobility Agreement Apply under IEC categories that may not normally be available to certain nationalities (for example, a working holiday for Swiss nationals) Apply up until the age of 35, even if your country&#x27;s eligibility is 18-30 when applying via the IEC working holiday visa pools About the RO Nomination for young professionals category Have you found a job in Canada and you&#x27;re hoping to stay longer? Or have you already done a working holiday visa and want to return to Canada to work for a great employer in a position that will benefit your professional growth? SWAP is also able to offer RO Nomination programs for IEC-eligible candidates each year. The RO Nomination quota is limited and over-subscribed each year, but can help first-time applicants and those looking for repeat participation to obtain an IEC young professional permit. This enables applications to: Receive a guaranteed ITA from the pools, provided you have a job offer with National Occupational Classification within TEER level 0, 1, 2, or 3 Participate up to two more times in IEC programs, over and above what is allowed under your country\u2019s Youth Mobility Agreement Apply under IEC categories that may not normally be available to certain nationalities (for example, young professional visa for Japanese nationals) Apply up until the age of 35, even if your country&#x27;s eligibility is 18-30 when applying via the IEC working holiday visa pools How to apply Our 2025 RO Nomination for working holiday and young professional waitlist is now closed. Check back soon for 2026 opening. What the... Confused by Canada visas? Like the first time you get maple syrup with your fry-up or clamato juice in your Bloody Mary - Canada visas can be confusing. If you&#x27;re unsure which is for you, call us and we&#x27;ll go over your options. GET IN TOUCH Eligibility + cost Who can apply? Check your eligibility for next year&#x27;s RO nominations below. Am I eligible? Change country. Currently selected: Global Global For the RO working holiday category, you must Be aged 18-35 Be one of these eligible nationalities Have health insurance for the duration of your intended stay Have a ticket to leave Canada or have enough money to buy one Have support funds of CAD $2,500 For the RO young professional category, you must Be aged 18-35 Be one of these eligible nationalities Have health insurance for the duration of your intended stay Have a ticket to leave Canada or have enough money to buy one Have support funds of CAD $2,500 Hold a job offer with classified National Occupational Classification (NOC) code. This is broken down into Training, Education, Experience and Responsibility (TEER) categories and your job must fall within TEER categories 0, 1, 2 or 3. Find out more here. RO working holiday Full payment Coming soon Total USD $1,999 WAITLIST CLOSED RO working holiday option What\u2019s included IEC working holiday nomination and guaranteed Invitation to Apply (ITA) Support with your application, including a detailed instruction guide SWAP Canada arrival guide packed with useful info and intel Virtual pre-departure orientation + in-person or virtual arrival orientation Ongoing advice and support from SWAP staff Mail forwarding, printing, Wi-Fi and more at the SWAP offices in Toronto + Vancouver After hours emergency support line \u2013 because life happens! Monthly newsletters with job offers and seasonal updates Access to nationwide job database, resume + cover letter review What\u2019s not included Application fees These are paid directly to the Canadian Government and the fees include the IEC fee of CAD $184.75 plus the open work permit holder fee of CAD $100 Biometrics This is a condition of your work permit application and currently costs CAD $85 Travel insurance You may be asked for your policy documents at immigration, so you must take out insurance for the full duration of your stay Support funds You are required to show proof that you can access CAD $2,500 Flights We don\u2019t recommend booking flights until your permit is approved RO young professional Full payment USD $1,999 Total USD $1,999 WAITLIST CLOSED RO young professional option What\u2019s included IEC young professional nomination and guaranteed Invitation to Apply (ITA) Detailed application instruction guides for both you and your employer Advice and assistance for you and your employer throughout the application process SWAP Canada arrival guide packed with useful info and intel Virtual pre-departure orientation + in-person or virtual arrival orientation Ongoing advice and support from SWAP staff Mail forwarding, printing, Wi-Fi and more at the SWAP offices in Toronto + Vancouver After hours emergency support line \u2013 because life happens! Access to nationwide job database, resume + cover letter review Regular socials, free walking tours, annual tax + immigration seminars What\u2019s not included Visa fee This is paid directly to the Candian Government and the IEC fee currently costs CAD $184.75 Employer Compliance fee Paid by your employer and currently costs CAD $230 Biometrics This is a condition of your work permit application and currently costs CAD $85 Travel insurance You may be asked for your policy documents at immigration, so you must take out insurance for the full duration of your visa Support funds You are required to show proof that you can access CAD $2,500 Flights We don\u2019t recommend booking flights until your visa is approved Good to know Balancing profit with purpose, JENZA only works for us if it works for others too. We donate 5% of profits to our Youth Access Scholarship Fund so that young people from under-served and lower-income backgrounds can experience working overseas. Find out more and apply for scholarship funding How it works What happens if I receive an RO Nomination? RO working holiday You\u2019ll have seven days to pay your program fee. You will then receive your \u2018Invitation to Apply\u2019 (ITA) with guidance on how to navigate the application process. You\u2019ll also need to attend a biometrics appointment and get a police background check. Once you submit your application to the Canadian Government, they will assess your application and if approved, you\u2019ll receive your \u2018Port of Entry\u2019 (POE) letter. RO young professional You\u2019ll have seven days to pay your program fee. You&#x27;ll then need to complete your job application so that we can check your position is eligible for this permit. Your employer also needs to submit your job offer on the IRCC employer portal and pay the employer compliance fee. We&#x27;ll nominate you to receive an \u2018Invitation to Apply\u2019 (ITA) and provide guidance on the application process. Once you submit your application to the Canadian Government, they will assess your application and if approved, you&#x27;ll receive your \u2018Port of Entry\u2019 (POE) letter. Who you gonna call? The Canada Crew Fact: Our BUNAC Work Canada program (now called JENZA Work Canada) was one of the first in-country working holiday support programs between Canada and the UK. That was 30+ years ago, and we&#x27;ve been sending 18-30s off on life-shaping adventures to the Great White North ever since! GET IN TOUCH Back to top The Jenza newsletter Good news travels fast Even faster by email. Sign up for the latest news and promos from the work and travel world. Email Address Email Address Sign me up Go to homepage Experiences Intern UK Work Canada Work USA 12 months Work Japan Work Australia All experiences Destinations Canada UK Japan USA Australia New Zealand Contact About us B Corp \u2122 Youth Advisory Panel Who we are Blog Scholarships Check our BCorp certification JENZA Travel International Ltd, trading as JENZA, is a company registered in Dublin, Ireland with Registered Company No. 707281 and registered address at 29-31 South William St, Dublin, Ireland, D02 EY96. Our brand family Privacy policy Cookie policy Terms and conditions Sitemap My booking Copyright \u00a9 2026 JENZA. All Rights Reserved.", "error": false}