{"hash": "bc460d75c41b98db4e3a6da3c5bba837", "text": "Canada Working Holiday Program (RO Sponsored) &#8211; Go International +1 (236) 865-5324 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM PT Search for: About Us Our Story FREE Online Events International Experience Canada FAQ Blog GO International Giveaway WORK &#038; TRAVEL Australia Canada Costa Rica France Germany Greece Ireland Japan Netherlands New Zealand South Korea United Kingdom INTERNSHIP Germany Japan VOLUNTEER Canada Bursary Contact Us \u2192 Special Offers! Home Tours Canada Working Holiday Program (RO Sponsored) Canada Working Holiday Program (RO Sponsored) Details WHAT&#039;S INCLUDED REQUIREMENTS FAQ Photos Canada Location 12-24 months Duration 18-35 Age Working Holiday Visa Visa Year-round Dates IEC 2026 Waitlist Our IEC 2026 waitlist is now closed , and we are no longer accepting applications. We will start reaching out to selected applicants from mid-late January. Only those selected will be notified. Please note that we cannot provide an estimation on when you may be selected since it is random. We will not be responding to inquiries about the chances of getting selected. Dive into adventure! Work and Travel in Canada What is this program about? The Canadian Working Holiday Program is a program designed for applicants who want to come to Canada to work and travel. This program meets the demands of Canadian employers, while enabling international young people to earn some income to support their holiday in Canada. Go International provides valuable assistance to participants with settling in, finding a job and accommodation and getting to know Canada. Who is this program for? The RO Sponsored package is part of the Canada Working Holiday Program for applicants from YMA countries who need to be nominated by a recognized organization (RO) to be nominated to receive an Invitation to Apply (ITA) for the working holiday visa. This package can be used for repeat participants and those who have exceeded the age limit, but still below the age of 36. If you lose your current job, you can still access our expert help and local connections for employment. Ideal for working in hospitality, tourism, retail, summer youth camp, labor jobs and skilled trades. This package is for IEC participants who need to be nominated by a recognized organization (RO). While we would like to be able to meet everyone&#8217;s request for participation, please understand that we have very limited spots and will not be able to accommodate all applicants . DID YOU KNOW? As part of Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada (IRCC), the International Experience Canada (IEC) program facilitates travel and work opportunities for Canadian and foreign national youth. The program provides the opportunity to gain life-changing personal and professional experience by travelling and working in Canada or abroad. The mandate of IEC is to enhance key bilateral relationships between Canada and other countries and territories and emphasize the importance of improved participation reciprocity. IEC supports Canada\u2019s economic and cultural interests by administering bilateral, reciprocal agreements and arrangements with 35 countries and territories (also known as youth mobility arrangements, or YMAs ). Agreements and arrangements are generally open to Canadian and foreign youth aged 18 to 35. Have a look here for more information about International Experience Canada. Spend an absolutely amazing vacation working in Canada and truly experience the people, the unique natural beauty and the adrenaline rush that you can only get from this country. Participants in the Working Holiday program meet locals, gain international work experience, earn money to travel and make the most of their working holiday in Canada with us. Whether you are planning to be a ski bum, a city slicker, or an outdoor traveler\u2026 let us help you get a running start to your new adventure. SECOND TIMERS Each year, we are able to offer a small number of spots to &#8220;Second Timers&#8221; &#8211; applicants who have already participated in the IEC program and are looking for a repeat IEC participation since they have exhausted their other options of staying in Canada. These spots are very limited and depend on our overall allocation each season. As a second timer, you may not be looking for the same services as someone who is coming to Canada for the first time. Please note that we are not able to sell &#8220;visa-only&#8221; packages. However, there are great advantages of booking the Canada Working Holiday Program with Go International if you are a second timer. If you meet the requirements AND we are able to offer you a spot, we will nominate you for an Invitation to Apply (ITA) for the IEC Working Holiday program. Support and assistance from Go International staff throughout the entire duration of your stay. (e.g. email and phone support, in-person assistance in the Vancouver office.) If you lose your job, you can use our resources to find another employment opportunity. We can directly connect you to our Language &amp; Career programs through our parent companies, Tamwood and ILAC . You can receive information on how to extend your Social Insurance Number (SIN). OPTIONAL SERVICES Participants in our Working Holiday program have the option to add an English or French course, IELTS preparation course, a volunteer program , and/or a career training diploma program in International Business, Digital Marketing, or Hospitality and Tourism through our parent company. &nbsp; Please contact Go International for a full list and fees for these programs. Let's Get Working! RO support letter to get an Invitation to Apply (ITA) Canada Working Holiday Visa application support and guidance &#8220;Living and Working in Canada&#8221; online orientation prior to arrival Resources and connections to local employers in hospitality, tourism, retail, summer youth camp, labor jobs and skilled trades Overall job seeking support like resume structuring, cover letter writing, and interview prep Temporary housing referrals (hostels, shared housing, homestays, residence) and assistance with longer term accommodation options Assistance with obtaining a Social Insurance Number (SIN needed for work), bank account, and phone number [in-person in Vancouver, online otherwise] Free wifi and printing services available at the Go International Vancouver office Mail holding services Access to social activities ranging from pub nights to ski trips in Vancouver and Toronto Support from Go International throughout the duration of your stay [Optional &#8211; extra cost] Homestay or residence accommodation arranged [Optional &#8211; extra cost] English lessons in Vancouver and Toronto [Optional &#8211; extra cost] French lessons online What&#8217;s not included: Flight tickets IEC visa processing fees (CA$184.75 for the 2026 season) Travel insurance (mandatory) Accommodation costs Personal expenses CANADA WORKING HOLIDAY VISA ELIGIBILITY Eligibility varies by country &#8211; please see IEC website for the most accurate details. Generally, the requirements are: Be a citizen of an IEC country Have a valid passport valid for the duration of your stay in Canada Your work permit in Canada can&#8217;t be longer than your passport Be between the ages of 18 and 35 (30 in some countries) Have a minimum of CA$2,500 to help cover your expenses in Canada Have health insurance for the duration of your stay You may have to present evidence of this insurance when you enter Canada. not be inadmissible to Canada (may require a police check) have, before departure, a round-trip ticket or demonstrate that you\u2019ll have the financial resources to purchase a departure ticket at the end of your authorized stay in Canada not be accompanied by dependants pay the fees All the information is subject to change. Please check the IEC website for the most up-to-date information. Who is eligible to participate in this program? To be eligible, you must: \u2022 Be a citizen of a country that has a Youth Mobility (IEC) Agreement with Canada, \u2022 Be between 18 and 35 years old (exact age cut-off can vary by country), \u2022 Hold or be able to obtain a valid IEC Working Holiday work permit directly through IEC. What if I&#039;m eligible to obtain the Invitation to Apply (ITA) on my own? In that case, you can apply for your open work permit directly through IEC. If you are looking for general working holiday support in Canada, consider our CWHP Non-Sponsored Program . How long can I stay and work in Canada? Participants can work and travel in Canada for between 12 and 24 months , depending on your country\u2019s agreement. Do I need a job lined up before I arrive? Not for an open work permit. With the Working Holiday work permit you don\u2019t need a job offer before you arrive in Canada \u2014 you can search for work after arrival while exploring the country. Go International offers job search support to help you find employment quickly. What kind of support does Go International provide? Go International offers personalized support throughout your stay \u2014 including help with job searching , finding accommodation , getting a Social Insurance Number (SIN) , online orientation for your stay in Canada. Is my visa guaranteed if I submit my application with an RO support letter? No. ROs like Go International cannot guarantee the visa is granted since that authority lies within the Canadian government. If you are nominated by an RO, you will receive the Invitation to Apply, and it is the responsibility of the applicant to submit all the document to support their application correctly and on time. If you haven&#8217;t found your answer here, you may be able to find it on the IRCC Help Centre . Ask a Question Book now &#36; 3,639.00 One program per person Ask a Question QUICK LINKS About Us Contact Us Blog Testimonials Social Responsibility Terms &amp; Conditions TRAVEL HELP Travel Checklist Useful Links Insurance YouTube Program Info Session Discover the World with GO International Go International Volunteer Testimonials \u00a9 Go International 2022 All Rights Reserved Terms &#038; Conditions Privacy Policy", "error": false}